so things that I've done really well as a leader, maybe. Um so I tell
you absolutely, very well. I always live on my executive officers. My
second hands. Leaders to be awesome. Petty officers two out a execute
division combat mission. So I actually felt well what I've been
told writing fit reps, right? You need the war's just the official,
maybe language. It's tiresome, having quite good grips you. But you
do. And you just can't give If you've got a division Department of Heart
50 personnel, you can't just use 100 stacks that doesn't work.
And people are not gonna trust you. Felt down five. So writing the fibrin
told is more art than science. And you are right. And that's how
you write. Take care, Ward your men Science exhibition. Right, Robert